---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protocols-v1_default_bgp_peer_list Data Source - protocols-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# protocols-v1_default_bgp_peer_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) DefaultBGPPeer enables the configuration of BGP sessions within a DefaultRouter. It allows specifying a description, a DefaultInterface reference, and the peer IP address. The resource also supports dynamic neighbors, common BGP settings, and peer-specific configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DefaultBGPPeerStatus defines the observed state of DefaultBGPPeer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `as_path_options` (Attributes) AS Path Options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--as_path_options))
- `bfd` (Boolean) Enable or disable Bi-forward Forwarding Detection (BFD) with fast failover.
- `client` (Boolean) When set to true, all configured and dynamic BGP peers are considered RR clients.
- `cluster_id` (String) Enables route reflect client and sets the cluster ID.
- `description` (String) Sets the description on the BGP peer.
- `dynamic_neighbor` (Boolean) When set to true the DefaultInterface is added to the dynamic-neighbor list for dynamic peering.
- `dynamic_neighbor_allowed_peer_as` (List of Number) The autonomous system numbers allowed from peers if dynamic peering is enabled.
- `export_policy` (List of String) Reference to a Policy CR that will be used to filter routes advertised to peers.
- `gr_stale_route_time` (Number) Enables Graceful Restart on the peer and sets the stale route time.
- `group` (String) Reference to a DefaultBGPGroup.
- `import_policy` (List of String) Reference to a Policy CR that will be used to filter routes received from peers.
- `interface` (String) Reference to either a DefaultInterface or SystemInterface whose IP will be used as a source IP for the BGP session.
- `interface_kind` (String) Reference to a the Kind of interface whose IP will be used as a source IP for the BGP session.
- `ipv4unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv4 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4unicast))
- `ipv6unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv6 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6unicast))
- `keychain` (String) Reference to a Keychain resource that will be used for authentication with the BGP peer.
- `l2vpnevpn` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the EVPN AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--l2vpnevpn))
- `local_as` (Attributes) The local autonomous system number advertised to peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--local_as))
- `local_preference` (Number) Local Preference attribute added to received routes from the BGP peers, also sets local preference for generated routes.
- `multi_hop_max_hop` (Number) Enable multihop for eBGP peers and sets the maximum number of hops allowed.
- `next_hop_self` (Boolean) When set to true, the next-hop in all IPv4-unicast, IPv6-unicast and EVPN BGP routes advertised to the peer is set to the local-address.
- `peer_as` (Attributes) The autonomous system number expected from peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--peer_as))
- `peer_interface` (String) Reference to a DefaultInterface or SystemInterface resource to which the peering session will be established. There cannot be both a PeerIp and PeerDefaultInterface property set.
- `peer_interface_kind` (String) Reference to a the Kind of interface to which to peer to.
- `peer_ip` (String) Peer IP to which the peering session will be established. There cannot be both a PeerIp and PeerDefaultInterface property set.
- `send_community_large` (Boolean) When false, all large (12 byte) BGP communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_community_standard` (Boolean) When false, all standard (4 byte) communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_default_route` (Attributes) Options for controlling the generation of default routes towards BGP peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--send_default_route))
- `timers` (Attributes) Timer configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--timers))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--as_path_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.as_path_options`

Optional:

- `allow_own_as` (Number) The maximum number of times the global AS number or a local AS number of the BGP instance can appear in any received AS_PATH before it is considered a loop and considered invalid.
- `remove_private_as` (Attributes) Options for removing private AS numbers (2-byte and 4-byte) from the advertised AS path towards all peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--as_path_options--remove_private_as))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--as_path_options--remove_private_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.as_path_options.remove_private_as`

Optional:

- `ignore_peer_as` (Boolean) If set to true then do not delete or replace a private AS number that is the same as the peer AS number.
- `leading_only` (Boolean) If set to true then only delete or replace private AS numbers that appear before the first occurrence of a non-private ASN in the sequence of most recent ASNs in the AS path.
- `remove_private_asmode` (String) The method by which private AS numbers are removed from the advertised AS_PATH attribute.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4unicast`

Optional:

- `advertise_ipv6next_hops` (Boolean) Enables advertisement of IPv4 Unicast routes with IPv6 next-hops to peers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv4 unicast AFISAFI.
- `prefix_limit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit))
- `receive_ipv6next_hops` (Boolean) Enables the advertisement of the RFC 5549 capability to receive IPv4 routes with IPv6 next-hops.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4unicast.prefix_limit`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted))
- `prefix_limit_received` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_accepted`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_received`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6unicast`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv6 unicast AFISAFI
- `prefix_limit_1` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6unicast.prefix_limit_1`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted_1` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1--prefix_limit_accepted_1))
- `prefix_limit_received_1` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1--prefix_limit_received_1))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1--prefix_limit_accepted_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6unicast.prefix_limit_1.prefix_limit_accepted_1`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1--prefix_limit_received_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6unicast.prefix_limit_1.prefix_limit_received_1`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--l2vpnevpn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.l2vpnevpn`

Optional:

- `advertise_ipv6next_hops` (Boolean) Enables advertisement of EVPN routes with IPv6 next-hops to peers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the L2VPN EVPN AFISAFI.
- `prefix_limit_2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.l2vpnevpn.prefix_limit_2`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted_2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2--prefix_limit_accepted_2))
- `prefix_limit_received_2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2--prefix_limit_received_2))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2--prefix_limit_accepted_2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.l2vpnevpn.prefix_limit_2.prefix_limit_accepted_2`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2--prefix_limit_received_2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.l2vpnevpn.prefix_limit_2.prefix_limit_received_2`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--local_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.local_as`

Optional:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Local Autonomous System number.
- `prepend_global_as` (Boolean) When set to true, the global ASN value is prepended to the AS path in outbound routes towards each BGP peer.
- `prepend_local_as` (Boolean) When set to true, the local AS value is prepended to the AS path of inbound routes from each EBGP peer.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--peer_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.peer_as`

Optional:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Local Autonomous System number.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--send_default_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.send_default_route`

Optional:

- `address_family` (List of String) Enables the sending of a synthetically generated default IPv4 or IPV6 route to each peer.
- `export_policy` (String) Reference to a Policy that should be applied to the advertised default routes, in order to set their attributes to non-default values.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--timers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.timers`

Optional:

- `connect_retry` (Number) The time interval in seconds between successive attempts to establish a session with a peer.
- `hold_time` (Number) The hold-time interval in seconds that the router proposes to the peer in its OPEN message.
- `keep_alive` (Number) The interval in seconds between successive keepalive messages sent to the peer.
- `minimum_advertisement_interval` (Number) The value assigned to the MinRouteAdvertisementIntervalTimer of RFC 4271, for both EBGP and IBGP sessions.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicated whether the BGP Peer is administratively enabled.
- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the BGP peer.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `last_event` (String) Last event of the BGP peer.
- `last_state` (String) Last state of the BGP peer.
- `negotiated_hold_time` (Number) Hold time negotiated with the BGP peer.
- `negotiated_keepalive_interval` (Number) Keepalive interval negotiated with the BGP peer.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the BGP peer
- `peer_as` (Number) Peer AS of the BGP peer.
- `session_state` (String) The state of the BGP session.
- `under_maintenance` (Boolean) Indicates if the BGP peer is under maintenance.
