---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protocols-v1_default_route_reflector Data Source - protocols-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# protocols-v1_default_route_reflector (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the DefaultRouteReflector
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) DefaultRouteReflector enables the configuration of iBGP sessions to RouteReflectorClients. It includes settings for the DefaultInterface, BGP group, client selectors, and the Cluster ID. Additionally, it allows for the configuration of L2VPN EVPN settings and applies common BGP configuration settings to manage routing efficiently within the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DefaultRouteReflectorStatus defines the observed state of DefaultRouteReflector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `as_path_options` (Attributes) AS Path Options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--as_path_options))
- `bfd` (Boolean) Enable or disable Bi-forward Forwarding Detection (BFD) with fast failover.
- `client_ips` (List of String) List of RR client IPs to which the iBGP sessions are established.
- `client_selector` (List of String) Label selector used to select the RouteReflectorClients to which the iBGP sessions are established.
- `cluster_id` (String) Sets the cluster ID for route reflectors.
- `default_bgprrgroup` (String) Reference to a DefaultBGPGroup.
- `export_policy` (List of String) Reference to a Policy CR that will be used to filter routes advertised to peers.
- `gr_stale_route_time` (Number) Enables Graceful Restart on the peer and sets the stale route time.
- `import_policy` (List of String) Reference to a Policy CR that will be used to filter routes received from peers.
- `interface` (String) Reference to either a DefaultInterface or SystemInterface from which the session to the client will be done from.
- `interface_kind` (String) Reference to a the Kind of interface from which the session to the client will be done from.
- `ipv4unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv4 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4unicast))
- `ipv6unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv6 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6unicast))
- `keychain` (String) Reference to a Keychain resource that will be used for authentication with the BGP peer.
- `l2vpnevpn` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the EVPN AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l2vpnevpn))
- `local_as` (Attributes) The local autonomous system number advertised to peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--local_as))
- `peer_as` (Attributes) The autonomous system number expected from peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--peer_as))
- `send_community_large` (Boolean) When false, all large (12 byte) BGP communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_community_standard` (Boolean) When false, all standard (4 byte) communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_default_route` (Attributes) Options for controlling the generation of default routes towards BGP peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--send_default_route))
- `timers` (Attributes) Timer configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--timers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--as_path_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.as_path_options`

Optional:

- `allow_own_as` (Number) The maximum number of times the global AS number or a local AS number of the BGP instance can appear in any received AS_PATH before it is considered a loop and considered invalid.
- `remove_private_as` (Attributes) Options for removing private AS numbers (2-byte and 4-byte) from the advertised AS path towards all peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--as_path_options--remove_private_as))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--as_path_options--remove_private_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.as_path_options.remove_private_as`

Optional:

- `ignore_peer_as` (Boolean) If set to true then do not delete or replace a private AS number that is the same as the peer AS number.
- `leading_only` (Boolean) If set to true then only delete or replace private AS numbers that appear before the first occurrence of a non-private ASN in the sequence of most recent ASNs in the AS path.
- `remove_private_asmode` (String) The method by which private AS numbers are removed from the advertised AS_PATH attribute.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4unicast`

Optional:

- `advertise_ipv6next_hops` (Boolean) Enables advertisement of IPv4 Unicast routes with IPv6 next-hops to peers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv4 unicast AFISAFI.
- `prefix_limit` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit))
- `receive_ipv6next_hops` (Boolean) Enables the advertisement of the RFC 5549 capability to receive IPv4 routes with IPv6 next-hops.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4unicast.prefix_limit`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted))
- `prefix_limit_received` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_accepted`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_received`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6unicast`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv6 unicast AFISAFI
- `prefix_limit_1` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6unicast.prefix_limit_1`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted_1` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1--prefix_limit_accepted_1))
- `prefix_limit_received_1` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1--prefix_limit_received_1))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1--prefix_limit_accepted_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6unicast.prefix_limit_1.prefix_limit_accepted_1`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6unicast--prefix_limit_1--prefix_limit_received_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6unicast.prefix_limit_1.prefix_limit_received_1`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--l2vpnevpn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l2vpnevpn`

Optional:

- `advertise_ipv6next_hops` (Boolean) Enables advertisement of EVPN routes with IPv6 next-hops to peers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the L2VPN EVPN AFISAFI.
- `prefix_limit_2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l2vpnevpn.prefix_limit_2`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted_2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2--prefix_limit_accepted_2))
- `prefix_limit_received_2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2--prefix_limit_received_2))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2--prefix_limit_accepted_2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l2vpnevpn.prefix_limit_2.prefix_limit_accepted_2`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--l2vpnevpn--prefix_limit_2--prefix_limit_received_2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l2vpnevpn.prefix_limit_2.prefix_limit_received_2`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--local_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.local_as`

Optional:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Local Autonomous System number.
- `prepend_global_as` (Boolean) When set to true, the global ASN value is prepended to the AS path in outbound routes towards each BGP peer.
- `prepend_local_as` (Boolean) When set to true, the local AS value is prepended to the AS path of inbound routes from each EBGP peer.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--peer_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.peer_as`

Optional:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Local Autonomous System number.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--send_default_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.send_default_route`

Optional:

- `address_family` (List of String) Enables the sending of a synthetically generated default IPv4 or IPV6 route to each peer.
- `export_policy` (String) Reference to a Policy that should be applied to the advertised default routes, in order to set their attributes to non-default values.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--timers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.timers`

Optional:

- `connect_retry` (Number) The time interval in seconds between successive attempts to establish a session with a peer.
- `hold_time` (Number) The hold-time interval in seconds that the router proposes to the peer in its OPEN message.
- `keep_alive` (Number) The interval in seconds between successive keepalive messages sent to the peer.
- `minimum_advertisement_interval` (Number) The value assigned to the MinRouteAdvertisementIntervalTimer of RFC 4271, for both EBGP and IBGP sessions.



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the Route Reflector.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `num_route_reflector_bgppeers` (Number) Total number of configured route reflector client peers on the route reflector.
- `num_route_reflector_bgppeers_oper_down` (Number) Total number of configured route reflector client peers on the route reflector that are operationally down.
- `oper_down_route_reflector_peers` (List of String) List of route reflector BGPPeers which are operationally down.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the Route Reflector.
