---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protocols-v1_default_static_route_list Data Source - protocols-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# protocols-v1_default_static_route_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) DefaultStaticRoute enables the configuration of static routes within a DefaultRouter. It allows specifying destination prefixes, route preference, and a nexthop group. This resource facilitates precise control over routing behavior, including options for BFD, route resolution, and blackholing traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DefaultStaticRouteStatus defines the observed state of default static route (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `default_router` (String) Reference to a DefaultRouter on which to configure the static routes.
- `nexthop_group` (Attributes) Group of nexthops for the list of prefixes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--nexthop_group))
- `preference` (Number) Defines the route preference.
- `prefixes` (List of String) List of destination prefixes and mask to use for the static routes.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--nexthop_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.nexthop_group`

Optional:

- `bfd` (Attributes) Enables BFD to the next-hops in the group. Local and Remote discriminator parameters have been deprecated at this level. Use Nexthop to set these parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--nexthop_group--bfd))
- `blackhole` (Boolean) If set to true all traffic destined to the prefixes will be blackholed.  If enabled, next-hops are ignored and this takes precedence.
- `blackhole_send_icmp` (Boolean) When enabled, the router will generate ICMP Unreachable messages for packets destined to the blackhole route.
- `nexthops` (Attributes List) Ordered list of nexthops. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--nexthop_group--nexthops))
- `resolve` (Boolean) If set to true the next-hops can be destinations which are resolved in the route table.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--nexthop_group--bfd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.nexthop_group.bfd`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines whether BFD should be enabled towards the nexthops.
- `local_address` (String) Defines the local address to use when establishing the BFD session with the nexthop.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--nexthop_group--nexthops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.nexthop_group.nexthops`

Optional:

- `bfd_1` (Attributes) Enables BFD to the next-hops in the group. This overrides the configuration at the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--nexthop_group--nexthops--bfd_1))
- `ip_prefix` (String) Address to use.
- `resolve` (Boolean) If set to true the next-hops can be destinations which are resolved in the route table. This overrides the configuration at the group.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--nexthop_group--nexthops--bfd_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.nexthop_group.nexthops.bfd_1`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines whether BFD should be enabled towards the nexthops.
- `local_address` (String) Defines the local address to use when establishing the BFD session with the nexthop.
- `local_discriminator` (Number) Defines the local discriminator.
- `remote_discriminator` (Number) Defines the remote discriminator.





<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the static routes.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the static routes.
